androidx/transition/R.java
 androidx.transition.R
 androidx.transition.R$attr
 androidx.transition.R$color
 androidx.transition.R$dimen
 androidx.transition.R$drawable
 androidx.transition.R$id
 androidx.transition.R$integer
 androidx.transition.R$layout
 androidx.transition.R$string
 androidx.transition.R$style
 androidx.transition.R$styleable
androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
kr/cds/jisulife/R.java
 kr.cds.jisulife.R
 kr.cds.jisulife.R$anim
 kr.cds.jisulife.R$animator
 kr.cds.jisulife.R$array
 kr.cds.jisulife.R$attr
 kr.cds.jisulife.R$bool
 kr.cds.jisulife.R$color
 kr.cds.jisulife.R$dimen
 kr.cds.jisulife.R$drawable
 kr.cds.jisulife.R$id
 kr.cds.jisulife.R$integer
 kr.cds.jisulife.R$interpolator
 kr.cds.jisulife.R$layout
 kr.cds.jisulife.R$menu
 kr.cds.jisulife.R$mipmap
 kr.cds.jisulife.R$plurals
 kr.cds.jisulife.R$string
 kr.cds.jisulife.R$style
 kr.cds.jisulife.R$styleable
 kr.cds.jisulife.R$xml
kr/go/seoul/airquality/R.java
 kr.go.seoul.airquality.R
 kr.go.seoul.airquality.R$anim
 kr.go.seoul.airquality.R$attr
 kr.go.seoul.airquality.R$bool
 kr.go.seoul.airquality.R$color
 kr.go.seoul.airquality.R$dimen
 kr.go.seoul.airquality.R$drawable
 kr.go.seoul.airquality.R$id
 kr.go.seoul.airquality.R$integer
 kr.go.seoul.airquality.R$layout
 kr.go.seoul.airquality.R$string
 kr.go.seoul.airquality.R$style
 kr.go.seoul.airquality.R$styleable
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
kr/cds/jisulife/lifeIndex/DsplsIndex.java
 kr.cds.jisulife.lifeIndex.DsplsIndex
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
kr/cds/jisulife/Data.java
 kr.cds.jisulife.Data
androidx/appcompat/resources/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/gass/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.gass.R
kr/cds/jisulife/lifeIndex/UltraIndex.java
 kr.cds.jisulife.lifeIndex.UltraIndex
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
kr/cds/jisulife/mosquitoAppWidget.java
 kr.cds.jisulife.mosquitoAppWidget
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
kr/cds/jisulife/MosquitoEntry.java
 kr.cds.jisulife.MosquitoEntry
kr/cds/jisulife/lifeIndex/AsthmaWhoIndex.java
 kr.cds.jisulife.lifeIndex.AsthmaWhoIndex
kr/cds/jisulife/lifeIndex/SkinWhoIndex.java
 kr.cds.jisulife.lifeIndex.SkinWhoIndex
kr/cds/jisulife/lifeIndex/InflWhoListIndex.java
 kr.cds.jisulife.lifeIndex.InflWhoListIndex
androidx/asynclayoutinflater/R.java
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$color
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$id
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$string
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$style
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
kr/cds/jisulife/lifeIndex/LifeIndex.java
 kr.cds.jisulife.lifeIndex.LifeIndex
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
kr/cds/jisulife/ExpressionFragment.java
 kr.cds.jisulife.ExpressionFragment
 kr.cds.jisulife.ExpressionFragment$1
kr/cds/jisulife/DbHelper.java
 kr.cds.jisulife.DbHelper
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
androidx/recyclerview/R.java
 androidx.recyclerview.R
 androidx.recyclerview.R$attr
 androidx.recyclerview.R$color
 androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen
 androidx.recyclerview.R$drawable
 androidx.recyclerview.R$id
 androidx.recyclerview.R$integer
 androidx.recyclerview.R$layout
 androidx.recyclerview.R$string
 androidx.recyclerview.R$style
 androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.base.R
kr/cds/jisulife/LocationFragment.java
 kr.cds.jisulife.LocationFragment
 kr.cds.jisulife.LocationFragment$1
 kr.cds.jisulife.LocationFragment$2
 kr.cds.jisulife.LocationFragment$3
 kr.cds.jisulife.LocationFragment$ListViewAdapter
 kr.cds.jisulife.LocationFragment$ListViewAdapter$ListFilter
 kr.cds.jisulife.LocationFragment$ListViewItem
com/kakao/kakaolink/R.java
 com.kakao.kakaolink.R
 com.kakao.kakaolink.R$array
 com.kakao.kakaolink.R$color
 com.kakao.kakaolink.R$dimen
 com.kakao.kakaolink.R$drawable
 com.kakao.kakaolink.R$id
 com.kakao.kakaolink.R$layout
 com.kakao.kakaolink.R$string
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
androidx/dynamicanimation/R.java
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$attr
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$color
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$dimen
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$drawable
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$id
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$integer
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$layout
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$string
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$style
 androidx.dynamicanimation.R$styleable
androidx/media/R.java
 androidx.media.R
 androidx.media.R$attr
 androidx.media.R$color
 androidx.media.R$dimen
 androidx.media.R$drawable
 androidx.media.R$id
 androidx.media.R$integer
 androidx.media.R$layout
 androidx.media.R$string
 androidx.media.R$style
 androidx.media.R$styleable
kr/cds/jisulife/lifeIndex/SensorytmeLifeIndex.java
 kr.cds.jisulife.lifeIndex.SensorytmeLifeIndex
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
kr/cds/jisulife/ApplicationBase.java
 kr.cds.jisulife.ApplicationBase
com/google/android/gms/ads/impl/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.ads.impl.R
androidx/legacy/v4/R.java
 androidx.legacy.v4.R
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$color
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$id
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$string
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$style
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$styleable
kr/cds/jisulife/lifeIndex/HeatLifeIndex.java
 kr.cds.jisulife.lifeIndex.HeatLifeIndex
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
kr/cds/jisulife/lifeIndex/BrainWhoIndex.java
 kr.cds.jisulife.lifeIndex.BrainWhoIndex
androidx/cardview/R.java
 androidx.cardview.R
 androidx.cardview.R$attr
 androidx.cardview.R$color
 androidx.cardview.R$dimen
 androidx.cardview.R$style
 androidx.cardview.R$styleable
androidx/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
androidx/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$interpolator
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
androidx/legacy/coreui/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
kr/cds/jisulife/lifeIndex/WinterLifeIndex.java
 kr.cds.jisulife.lifeIndex.WinterLifeIndex
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
kr/cds/jisulife/lifeIndex/AirDiffusionIndex.java
 kr.cds.jisulife.lifeIndex.AirDiffusionIndex
kr/cds/jisulife/AirFragment.java
 kr.cds.jisulife.AirFragment
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
com/google/android/material/R.java
 com.google.android.material.R
 com.google.android.material.R$anim
 com.google.android.material.R$animator
 com.google.android.material.R$attr
 com.google.android.material.R$bool
 com.google.android.material.R$color
 com.google.android.material.R$dimen
 com.google.android.material.R$drawable
 com.google.android.material.R$id
 com.google.android.material.R$integer
 com.google.android.material.R$interpolator
 com.google.android.material.R$layout
 com.google.android.material.R$plurals
 com.google.android.material.R$string
 com.google.android.material.R$style
 com.google.android.material.R$styleable
 com.google.android.material.R$xml
androidx/annotation/experimental/R.java
 androidx.annotation.experimental.R
androidx/constraintlayout/widget/R.java
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$anim
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$attr
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$bool
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$color
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$dimen
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$drawable
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$id
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$integer
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$interpolator
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$layout
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$string
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$style
 androidx.constraintlayout.widget.R$styleable
androidx/slidingpanelayout/R.java
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$attr
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$color
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$id
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$integer
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$layout
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$string
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$style
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable
kr/cds/jisulife/lifeIndex/FsnIndex.java
 kr.cds.jisulife.lifeIndex.FsnIndex
kr/cds/jisulife/MosquitoFragment.java
 kr.cds.jisulife.MosquitoFragment
 kr.cds.jisulife.MosquitoFragment$1
 kr.cds.jisulife.MosquitoFragment$2
 kr.cds.jisulife.MosquitoFragment$3
 kr.cds.jisulife.MosquitoFragment$4
 kr.cds.jisulife.MosquitoFragment$4$1
com/google/android/gms/ads/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.ads.R
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.R
 com.google.android.gms.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.R$style
 com.google.android.gms.R$styleable
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
com/kakao/util/R.java
 com.kakao.util.R
 com.kakao.util.R$array
 com.kakao.util.R$color
 com.kakao.util.R$dimen
 com.kakao.util.R$drawable
 com.kakao.util.R$id
 com.kakao.util.R$layout
 com.kakao.util.R$string
com/google/android/gms/tasks/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.tasks.R
kr/cds/jisulife/BuildConfig.java
 kr.cds.jisulife.BuildConfig
kr/cds/jisulife/CommunicationListener.java
 kr.cds.jisulife.CommunicationListener
kr/cds/jisulife/WeatherFragment.java
 kr.cds.jisulife.WeatherFragment
 kr.cds.jisulife.WeatherFragment$1
 kr.cds.jisulife.WeatherFragment$2
 kr.cds.jisulife.WeatherFragment$3
 kr.cds.jisulife.WeatherFragment$AddThread
 kr.cds.jisulife.WeatherFragment$AddThread$1
 kr.cds.jisulife.WeatherFragment$ListViewAdapter
 kr.cds.jisulife.WeatherFragment$ListViewAdapter$1
 kr.cds.jisulife.WeatherFragment$ListViewAdapter$2
 kr.cds.jisulife.WeatherFragment$ViewHolder
 kr.cds.jisulife.WeatherFragment$refreshTask
 kr.cds.jisulife.WeatherFragment$refreshTask$1
 kr.cds.jisulife.WeatherFragment$removeThread
 kr.cds.jisulife.WeatherFragment$removeThread$1
com/google/android/gms/clearcut/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.clearcut.R
kr/cds/jisulife/MainActivity.java
 kr.cds.jisulife.MainActivity
 kr.cds.jisulife.MainActivity$1
androidx/vectordrawable/animated/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$styleable
androidx/viewpager2/R.java
 androidx.viewpager2.R
 androidx.viewpager2.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager2.R$color
 androidx.viewpager2.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager2.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager2.R$id
 androidx.viewpager2.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager2.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager2.R$string
 androidx.viewpager2.R$style
 androidx.viewpager2.R$styleable
